Oh, yeah! You know what this means? This means that I'm controlling tonight.
Let me hear you say, oh, shit! Oh, shit! Let me hear you say, chelps!
Ladies and gentlemen, Harmontown is now in session! Freak out!
Thank you so much for coming down to tonight's show. Let's give it up for our resident Dungeon Manster, Spencer Crittenden!
Yes!
Look at him! Look at him sit down with his bag of holding.
I got stuff.
You got stuff.
I got gifts.
You got gifts.
Just my presents.
Chips? No, no, no. Animated gifts.
Animated gifts.
Yeah.
Well, you guys are in for a treat tonight.
So, without any further ado, let's bring out the mayor of Harmontown. You know him. I love him, Mr. Dan Harmon Man!
Thank you.
Yes!
That was a smooth groove we have.
Thank you so much.
What an improvement from last week. We filled in some seats. That's nice.
Oh, Dan, you didn't have a lot of seats filled last week?
Oh, yeah.
Who wasn't there?
Oh, wow.
You know, Jeff's been out with his vocal surgery?
Right, right. So they didn't come because Jeff wasn't here or somebody else.
A lot of our audience is racist. Brandon was controlling. So that always takes us to get the racist.
Yeah, but I've been here when the place has been packed and Brandon's here. So, I mean, I don't know. I just, what else was missing?
Alright, maybe, I guess maybe people like you.
Really?
I have no problem with people liking you.
Yeah, you do.
I have a problem with people not liking me, which really is counterintuitive being me.
Like, so, I'm going to start to warm up to people liking you. You can come around whenever you want.
Thank you for guest comptrolling. We have some interesting guests to talk to.
You were just talking to me right now.
Yeah.
You said you were warming up to me.
I've known you since you were 19.
You're warming up to me. I can come around at any time. What kind of weird kind of talk is that to somebody who's your best man at your wedding?
What are you talking about? Like, you're acting like, oh, yeah.
It's a compliment. He said he's warming up to you.
I don't help him.
Do you guys, are you supposed to suck your gut in all the time?
Yeah.
Because it feels like that's a lie, but then people tell you, like fitness people tell you suck it in because that's like helping, but it's like...
I heard that long-term sucking in your gut can cause problems because it's like, it's stretching it for way too long, but realistically, you probably won't keep it held for that long.
Right, you'll forget.
Well, this is bad. What you're doing right there is bad for breathing. You're supposed to breathe from your stomach, not from your chest.
If your shoulders go up, that means you're breathing wrong.
Your belly's supposed to inflate like a balloon. That's good. That's good. Right there.
Right here.
Yeah.
I went down a weird YouTube spiral. It was like a kind of a red-pillish spiral where I was...
I can't remember how I ended up there, but I started learning about posture.
There were all these guys that were talking about nerd neck. They're demonstrating and I'm like...
Let's see it.
Well, like, you know, nerd neck, I definitely have it. It's like when the 45 degree, it has to do...
It starts with your shoulders moving forward, and then it has something to do with your head.
It's like heavy, so then things like compensate, and then you get nerd neck.
Nerd neck.
So I guess if you just start moving your shoulders back and sticking your chest out.
Yeah.
I was watching all these videos that were about like alpha posture and how you're supposed to send a signal.
It's all about fooling women. I guess not fooling them because no one's attacking us.
So I guess it's not a lie if you're like, I'm confident because you might as well be.
But the idea is to expose more of your ventral surface to injury, which proves to the woman unconsciously
that you don't have anything to worry about.
And that in turn means maybe you have more fiefdoms or something, like biologically.
You know these guys.
Yeah, we know.
That's why the most popular guys are giant fat guys with targets painted on their bellies.
Like that guy in the stock footage that gets shot with the cannonball.
Right, exactly. Everyone loves him.
That guy. You know how that guy died? Drowned in pussy.
You were going to say cannonball shot wound.
Cannonball wound.
That's what you call it.
Cannon shot wound.
Sure.
Do you think he cried after the footage cut?
And people would look at him like, man, get over yourself.
You got to get shot with a cannon and the guy could cry a little.
I do want to know.
Right?
Those people are being really unreasonable to judge him for that.
That stock footage also is a high speed camera.
Because you see his belly go like, and it doesn't look, I mean he looks like a large man,
but does he really look like someone whose wheelhouse is getting shot?
I wonder if they're just like, it was basically just like a, you know,
they put a little bit of explosive behind a cannonball because they were really excited about the camera.
Yeah.
Like it was like a myth busters thing.
Like I wouldn't want your belly jiggle.
I heard that he's actually laying on a table and they dropped the bowling ball on his stomach.
It was the first use of green screen.
Yeah.
How do you practice for that?
How do you warm up?
Do you think they just started with like a small cannonball and just worked their way up?
How do you practice?
How do you do something?
Here's a wacky idea.
Look at that cannon.
How about you?
Let me take my shirt off first.
He took his shirt off.
Why are you taking his shirt off?
Look, we're going to go.
You probably got some cardboard underneath there.
What was I thinking about?
Something that I was watching and I was like, how do you practice this without dying?
I can't remember what it was.
Tie your rope walking.
You get the net underneath you.
Yeah, that's a good point.
So if you fall off, you don't die.
Train eating.
You can probably use a thicker rope.
It probably starts as like, like the rope is like as thick as like a barrel.
Here's it.
Two ropes.
They probably start you on two ropes.
Yeah.
Remember that guy that was that French guy that walked between the World Trade Center?
Just went up there and just did it.
Yeah.
After he stepped on a nail.
How the fuck does this.
I don't understand if the wind blows, you're just dead.
Yeah.
I don't get that.
It just seems like white bother.
It wasn't a windy day.
And then they use it.
And then there's there's solution to that as they bring out a giant stick.
That's like, it's like, isn't this just making problems to solve?
Like, like, like, like, like, like if you lose the stick because because like, what are you
doing with the stick?
Oh, well, you know, a little bit of this, a little bit of that.
Like, like, like, well, I would lose the stick.
But I guess that's why, you know, I'm not a tightrope walker.
No.
I'm just a fucking thin.
Yeah.
Alpha Nect Death Valley t-shirt.
Boo's Swillin Cowboy.
Yeah.
Spencer, what, what, what have you been doing lately?
Doing any, um, doing anything lately?
Oh, yeah.
I was at Comic Con.
Did you get recognized?
Yay.
I got recognized.
It's weird.
I clocked how many times I got recognized and how many times I just got like a, hey, how
long you've been growing that beard?
And it was like about the same, which was interesting.
How many times of each?
About six on the highest.
Like you're like a human beard.
Yeah.
People, you're interchangeable with your beard.
You, you're, yeah.
It's so strange.
Like people really just go, oh yeah, a beard.
That's something I'm allowed to like talk to you about.
Except can I give you a little cynical fame 101?
Oh, God.
Straight from the cynical heartline.
Yeah, yeah.
About 30% of those people that are talking to you about your beard, they know what's up.
They know what's up.
Oh, yeah.
They're playing it stealth because they're like, oh, I don't want to be a fan.
I would like, I would.
That would be interesting.
They'll, they'll buy you a drink and then they'll talk to you about the economy.
And then on their way out, they'll be like, by the way, big fan.
What?
You fucker.
Yeah.
I thought you were a nice person.
You know how like Patton Oswalt and, and like Brian Cranston, like they wear the mask and
they walk through so they could be with the people in the comic con?
I thought there's the Spencer put on just a mask with the beard and not change anything
else.
I think you would still be recognizable.
Like if you'd dressed like a ghost writer.
Mark Hamill dressed as a stormtrooper and I thought that was cute.
No, I didn't see that.
It's funny because he, and he referenced like, you know, he's like, I know I'm a little short
for this costume.
It's cute.
He referenced that.
He referenced.
He referenced the line from Star Wars where he enters Princess Leia.
He just kept saying that over and over again.
No, he's in his, in his Instagram caption.
I mean, that's asking to be going, you're out.
I like Mark Hamill.
I don't know if I ever mentioned this on this podcast, but I, like when we were, I think
I must have, when we were doing a community and we were picking, like, you know, we ended
up with Louise Guzman as the statue in the courtyard and we were going through people
like, well, there should be a statue of someone in the courtyard.
I must have talked about this.
I don't remember.
One of the, one of the people was with the proposals was what about Mark Hamill?
Cause he's like, it's like, he's Luke Skywalker, but he's Mark Hamill.
And like, what if he was like the statue, he was the most famous alumnus of the, of,
of Greendale.
And I, and I sent him an email or, I think, I don't think I sent him an email.
I think the charming thing was that I got a, like a hand typed letter from him in response
to a casting director reaching out to him.
So I was the schmock, the, the, the cigar chomping, get me Mark Hamill.
And, and, and, and got this like lovingly crafted letter from Mark Hamill that was like,
dear Dan Harmon, pleased to meet you.
I'm Mark Hamill.
And I shit my pants and keep reading the letter.
And he's like, I'm so flattered.
I got the script.
It's very funny.
And, and, but, you know, I think we both know the jokes on me a little bit.
Like he, he wasn't defensive about it.
It wasn't like Gene Simmons' interview with Terry Gross.
It was like, it was like Mark Hamill.
Like he got, he kind of called us on it.
He was sort of like, yeah, the joke is kind of like, I'm a schnook, you know, like, and,
and it's, I do agree.
It's funny, but also like, I kind of like, I'm not ready to just be like that yet or
something like that.
He just explained it very concisely and very, very politely and empathically.
And then it was like, also I'm a director.
So if you want to give me a serious job, fucking asshole.
And I was, I was, I was, I actually, this is Mark Hamill wrote me a letter.
Did you save it?
Yeah, come on.
You know, you move, you move, you meet people, you say hello, you say goodbye, yada, yada.
You know, our first guest is just sort of a surprise.
I found this, this, this kid like out in the alley, like, like LA is like, it's a wasteland
of talent.
Like there are too much people, people come here.
They come here on a carpet of dreams.
They, they sell the carpet.
They sell shoes.
They got some dreams, dream shakens left over.
They sell watermelon on the side of the road, fruits and vegetables.
You've seen these people.
Yeah.
You've seen these people selling things.
Let's, let's, let's bring out this poor kid.
Jeff Davis.
So Jeff, I heard his terrible story out in the alley, like he's just had a vocal
surgery.
So he's drinking hot tea and he can't talk that much yet.
So that's why he's not, normally I just make a kid from the alley, a comptroller.
You did.
I'm just here to listen tonight, Dan.
Okay.
You gotta eat that mic.
Yeah.
I'm, I'm already paying for myself, Dan.
Can we hear a little bit about, I've never known a human being.
So Jeff, Jeff.
I've never known a human being.
I've known they know lizards and crustaceans.
I only know ghosts and minotaurs.
I've never known a human being.
You, sir, will be his first human being.
Make it good.
What is it like to not be able to talk for two weeks, three weeks?
It was two weeks of total vocal silence.
Because of what you, what did you have?
I had a polyp on one of my, I think my left vocal fold and there's a tiny little pea,
like not even a pea shape, like, like if a pea grew peas, that's what the pea would look
like.
And it was a very tiny little thing and I had some doctors go down in my throat and they
were very good and it was like a sleep for like an hour and a half and they,
Did you wake up during, during the, and see if they were talking shit about you?
I woke up and I was just covered in dicks and balls drawings.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Rob woke up during his colonoscopy.
How did you pronounce that?
Hey, Colin.
Would he cut open your colon?
Didn't you go in with Colin Hanks and get an endoscopy?
Yeah, yeah.
That's a colonoscopy when they start with him.
Even though it's his throat, it's a colonoscopy.
I don't think my insurance is going to cover this.
You kind of sounded like Colin Hanks when he said that.
I sounded who?
I don't think there's insurance.
You kind of sounded like Colin Hanks.
I wasn't trying to.
No, that's good.
Oh no, I'm sorry.
I'm doing a terrible job.
Yeah, Rob woke up during his colonoscopy.
We've already told this.
All right.
Well, yeah, we told every story all the time.
We got, we got a couple things that are, that we haven't talked about.
Keep talking.
One is a shooting and the other is a,
do your friend that departed?
Since I couldn't talk.
I threw up on my groceries.
Go ahead.
I'm not going to be able to butt in tonight, you guys.
You guys, you guys do all the talking.
I was just going to say that since I was able to talk,
this amazing story happened to me, which I cannot tell you,
because I am on vocal arrest.
I really hope it doesn't get church in trouble,
because I heard, because it's such a funny joke that,
I think he got to Dino and then Dino told it to me.
Dino said, church says that even though Jeff can't talk at all,
he still figures out ways to interrupt her.
It's because I'm a showman.
Speaking of the glass ceiling and alpha neck,
you get that?
Is that the glass ceiling?
Put it on.
It looks so practical.
I always imagine it being more oppressive.
Oh, it's like, you can wear it like a helmet.
Bad will happen.
Hello, Mr. Bob.
Thanks.
Expect you to die.
Does it sound as cool as it sounds?
Yeah, it sounds awesome.
Rob's holding a plexiglass container on his head.
I was going to say, speaking of...
Oh, it's a trash can.
Yeah, yeah.
I was going to say, but why don't I just bring her out,
and I want to bring her out.
It's my chance to do my Don Pardo impression.
He was an announcer in the 70s on SNL.
Please welcome Lorraine Newman.
Thank you.
Thanks for coming.
It's been a rough week.
It has, yeah.
We were talking backstage about it.
I hazarded a guess, but without realizing that, of course,
you knew him because you were on Metalocalypse
that we lost our friend, John Schnep.
I don't know how many of you are familiar with him.
We're in L.A.
It's just...
What kind of host brings you out
and then just drops that on you?
I don't know.
How are you doing?
Happy days.
I'm doing great.
Okay, so let's talk about our dead friend.
Okay, no.
I just like...
I wanted to eulogize him a little bit because I haven't...
I always feel sociopathic when...
I don't know.
I remember the color of the floor
when I found out that he had just...
boom, like crazy stroke.
It does feel like life turns on a dime
because I was just saying that I saw hereditary with him
three weeks ago.
And then there's this tremendous guilt.
Now you're talking about someone in the past tense.
But I think it's just...
Everything about it feels awful.
So I don't know what I thought that was podcasting dynamite,
but I also don't know what my job is.
But just because...
I see people's Instagrams and stuff,
and I just wanted to lend our voice to his eulogy.
I think that there are some people when they die,
it's like, yeah.
But with him, you can't believe that.
I think that's important to acknowledge.
You can't believe that.
I can't believe that he passed away.
He was so just vibrant.
So that's, I think, the difference.
He was such a...
I think he epitomized workaholism, right?
I mean, this is a city driven by workaholics,
and I'm trying to get over that therapy,
but John was both cautionary tale and role model.
I mean, he just kept working and working,
and he just loved sitting in front of his avid
and making crazy shit.
And every anecdote about him, from adult swim to...
everywhere else he's worked, it's like an editor.
Every anecdote is about coming into the office at 9 a.m.,
and he's been there all night,
and he's created some ridiculous, elaborate thing
that they can't even use in the show.
He's a consummate artist.
I mean, really, he really lived to create art.
So yeah, we love you, John.
I hope you're listening.
I hope that's how the universe works.
Unless that's all it is, unless you're just vapor,
and you have to listen.
You have to have people listening to podcasts.
That's awful.
Then sign me up for atheism.
If it's just listening to shit in your local area forever.
And then the whole planet goes away,
and you're just like, hello!
And you can't even hear the other people.
You can't even look forward to your friends.
Or you only just get the intros to the podcast.
Just the intros where people vamp for 20 minutes,
and you want to kill yourself.
We don't know what that's like at all.
Yeah, on the off chance that you're listening, John,
I'm part and parcel of it.
It's narcissistic to feel guilty about,
like, oh, I didn't talk to you enough.
I wasn't close enough and all that stuff, but whatever.
I don't think it's narcissistic.
It's just kind of regret that we don't value people
while they're here.
No, I'm totally kidding.
And it really wasn't worth it.
Well, if you weren't kidding, what would you have meant?
Would that have been a dire warning to me?
I know things, Dan.
I know things.
It sounded like a threat.
I think she was saying that you didn't value John
while he was here, and that's your giant blunder in life.
Yeah, I have a feeling I make that blunder
with just about everybody.
Rob, certainly, yeah, there he goes.
No, I just learned to appreciate, you know,
I'll just think of someone,
and I'll text them that I'm thinking of them.
And that in itself, I think...
You text the memory of them?
No, well, not...
Oh, oh, oh, I thought you meant...
In terms of, you know, acknowledging people
while they're here, you know,
I think it's just so nice to do that now.
Your texts are usually you up?
Yeah, well...
Just to you, honey.
Thank you.
Yeah.
I have started a new policy.
The positive version of your friends
unexpectedly passing is in this town,
your friends blow up, they become super famous.
They're on the cover of Time Magazine or something one day,
and the other day, you were having coffee with them,
and I feel like our instinct,
probably not yours, you seem more grounded.
Oh, I'm a saint.
But my instinct used to be like,
well, they don't want to...
The last thing they need is some schlub text to them
and saying, remember back here?
Yeah, but that's so valuable to them.
Yeah, and it's like also, like,
what if they get nominated for something or something?
It's like, oh, the idea that they don't want you to...
That's so narcissistic.
Like, that's just ego.
Like, oh, they don't want to hear me say
good job on that music video.
It's afraid of being vulnerable.
Because you don't want the silence to...
Yeah.
But I think any chance to acknowledge people
and your appreciation of their work
is not wasted.
And it's not about you.
You don't look foolish.
You don't look...
You're not open to some sort of, you know,
put down just because you've acknowledged,
you know, congratulations to someone
or something like that.
Have you coped with...
I mean, whatever.
Have you...
You're like, I'm carving out your grim leg.
Like, Dan, you've given me a sandbox
of cat turds to play with.
I made Santa do,
and now you're going to knock it over when they're like,
good job.
Yeah, all I'm trying to say is don't be too cool
to let people know that you appreciate them.
Yeah, and I just got that now.
Like, I...
I mean, I just...
So I could start texting you again.
Yeah, I mean, it's nice to hear from you.
Yeah.
Good to... It'd be good to hear.
I'm warming up to you.
I told you at the top of the show.
Am I on mute?
Is that... Did you mute my...
my handle?
No!
You were so busted.
I... Have you...
Have you... Have you...
Where are you at with mortality?
I'm sorry, I keep handing you these gems.
I'm for it! I'm for mortality!
Well, that's a safe...
safe bet.
I'm four days away.
I just kind of...
I... Do you...
Do you... Do you...
Look, I can't talk a lot, so my jokes have to be short
and stupid.
Where am I with mortality?
Yeah, do you push it to the...
I have complete denial about it.
Oh, good. That's refreshing. Thank you.
I just... I'm never... I'm...
I'm not going to die. I'm not going to get old.
Even though I hurt, like, hell!
Fantastic.
Every morning, and what could that...
What's wrong? Oh, you're old.
You know what? Can we enter a unique friendship
where we back each other up on this?
You're never going to die, Lorraine Newman.
I fucking got your back.
Like, now lie to me and let's be just best friends
about this.
Thank you.
We're going to be the ones, the exceptions.
Yeah, because, you know, yeah, science every day.
Science with the science.
And what a joy it would be
to hang out here forever.
A dynasty typewriter?
Oh, sure.
Yeah, what...
That's an interesting question.
Would you accept immortality
if you could...
within a perimeter of 500 feet?
For...
If you could be, like, just...
I'm going to live forever, but everyone has to come visit me.
Yes, but I'm at Bevmo.
Yeah.
And they're, like, pushing the decision.
And you're like, this offer is available
for, like, 14 minutes.
Yeah.
Either you're going to die of prostate cancer
at a random die, or you're going to live forever
here at Bevmo.
Within 500 feet, yeah.
Yeah, that sounds like hell.
I think you would pass it up, right?
You'd go, like, okay, I've seen enough movies to know.
How much have you seen the vampires?
They get tired. They get bored.
They get lonely. They're tired of seeing people
get old and die.
I would want to ask, can I kill myself
to the person?
Because I don't know if vampires can't, can they?
Oh, yeah.
Hey, guys.
They just open. They just walk outside.
Well, yeah, if they can't, they just go...
Yeah.
Yeah, if vampires couldn't commit suicide,
then the sunlight thing wouldn't be...
Yeah, yeah.
Because anytime someone dragged him out in the sunlight,
they'd just go, my idea, my idea!
Yeah.
I want this! I want it, Van Helsing.
I think this is great.
You're not cool.
I don't watch enough vampire stuff,
but do vampires commit suicide by walking outside?
Is that a thing?
Yeah, but then, you know, I mean,
the whole lore has gotten so, you know,
blown up that they can reconstitute themselves.
I mean, you name it.
They just don't die.
Did you watch The Strain?
The Strain? Did you see The Strain?
Or was it anybody?
No, that was crazy.
Hey, Lorraine, have you watched Blade?
Blade? Yeah, I love Blade.
Pretty fucking badass, right?
Yeah, it's great!
He walks around in the day.
He's the daywalker.
He's half-human.
Can you do it for me, Rob, because you're Comptroller.
Oh, my God.
Would you please do your Kris Kristofferson as...
Was his name Whistler?
Whistler, could you give me one line
as Blade sidekick and Blade?
Well, I can't imagine what line that would be.
The only...
Did I catch you fuckers at a bad time?
Yeah.
What movie was it that I saw?
Blade! Blade! It was from Blade.
I saw Two Vampires.
I think it was like a vampire couple,
and they held hands and they sat on a beach
and they watched the sunrise together,
and I thought I was going to die.
God, was it that one with...
Steven Dorff?
No, no, not Steven Dorff.
That's Blade.
And that's the one with Wesley Snipes.
Thank you.
Sorry, what?
Only Lovers Left Alive.
Left Alive.
Is that the one with Childish Swinton?
Yeah.
Okay, maybe I saw...
I forgot the title, but...
And it might have happened in Two Vampire Movies.
What was the one where...
What's his name?
Steven, the other guy...
Deacon Frost?
What? No.
The guy, and he's in the...
Wait, is it also Steven Dorff?
Is he in a vampire movie where in the future
everyone's a vampire?
That's Daybreak.
Who's that guy?
Ethan Hawke.
Steven Dorff and Ethan Hawke
are easy to confuse.
And I think they'd both be flattered by that.
Yes.
I think they'd both simultaneously go...
That's what I'm going for, and then they go...
Ha!
I think Steven Dorff gets the better of that deal.
I agree.
Shots fired.
Yeah, fuck that guy.
I've got No Vampire in this race.
I don't really care.
In that movie, we learned that you can
be cured of vampirism
because if daylight will kill you,
but
no one ever thought of this,
if you drive a car really fast
and then you smash through the windshield into daylight,
but
shortly after, while you're still on fire,
you land in water
and you're cured.
That's the first thing I would try.
That's the first thing every vampire
would ever try.
Why? Why? Why?
I haven't seen this movie.
That's called science.
It turns out curing vampirism
easier than escaping killer bees.
There's shit you're not even allowed
to do when you're running for bees
that you can do if you're a dying vampire
that'll give you immortality
or mortality, I guess, is what they're after.
What does the car and the windshield have to do
with helping you...
Yeah, why does it have a windshield involved?
It's a future where vampires drive around
during the day and they have, like, blackout...
UV blackout cars.
You only use the cameras to get around
so you can go meet mortals
under a tree in the shade
and hatch schemes,
but then the vampire cops
who have head-to-toe body armor
to shield them from the sun will come out
and go,
furies!
But then he finds out quite an accident.
Like, yeah.
There's a show called iZombie
which I really loved
where somebody got cured of being a zombie.
Do you remember that?
I don't know how they did it.
You got to be in the trunk of that car
when a vampire...
Have you seen Santa Clarita Diet?
You ever watch that?
I tried. Should I give it another shot?
Can I tell you?
I'm a snob.
The pilot, I was like,
and I...
but then, like...
Cody was up for a job on it
so she watched the whole season
and I was just like, my hands were tied.
That shit got funny.
It just got really funny.
Oh, I'm excited. I got something to watch.
I'm excited, too.
Why are...
I always judge shows too early.
I judge them by their first season and their pilot.
I stopped watching Preacher for that reason.
Mr. Robot, I was like, you mean Fight Club? Please.
Then I walked away
and then I hear everybody going,
I'm like, come on,
that Fight Club show.
Turns out that's what they were doing
on purpose or something.
Fargo.
I'd watched the first one. I was like, you're just doing Fargo.
More like Far... you.
I turned it off.
Never watched again.
Season two comes around. Oh, Fargo.
Oh, it's so good. Yeah.
Yeah, you got to give it a shot.
It's too late now.
Still haven't seen Atlanta. Still.
Atlanta you haven't seen?
No, I'm fucking on the worst.
Well, I've seen it in Emmy submissions
and it's great, but I don't watch it.
I like crime drama
and horror.
What about crime nonfiction?
Forensic files.
What kind of horror?
Everything except
kind of found footage.
Yeah.
Did you see that sound boogins?
Pardon me?
I call it the sound boogins.
In a quiet place.
A quiet place.
Yes, I did.
They got the sound boogins running around.
I saw sound boogins.
It's good, right? Yeah, it's good.
If I could definitely see
why everyone on Earth that told me
it was the best movie ever said that
is because everyone on Earth hadn't told them
it was the best movie ever.
Sound boogins.
My doctor told me that's one of the nicest
sounds you can say when you're recovering from vocal surgery.
Seller door.
Sound boogins.
Stairway nail.
So what about hereditary, everybody?
What do you think? I haven't seen hereditary.
I heard it was fucked up.
Wow, have you seen it? No.
I recommend it.
I didn't mean to sound so...
I sounded like a puppet
on some show teaching you manners.
No.
I'm Daniel Crabtree.
It's...
What's amazing about it is
once you realize what the story is,
it's like, oh, well, movies
about this have been made
before but not like this.
Is this a movie or a show?
Hereditary is a movie.
All right, well, I guess don't spoil it.
Come on, who likes that movie?
Yeah.
Who hates that movie?
Oh, one guy.
That's fair.
Lorraine, do you like
Pinhead?
In Hellraiser?
I hate the Clive Barker stuff.
It bores me to death.
Even the first Pinhead?
Well, I never got past that one.
Well, here's the trick
that's on you, Lorraine.
When you watch a Clive Barker movie
and you hate it,
your suffering is your pleasure.
Yeah, yeah.
That's what he wants.
I got that far.
No, I rose, please.
It's a waste of good suffering.
Everything opposite will be
opposite, too.
What you call torture,
I call a chicken palm sandwich.
Chains in my flesh are such
things to see.
What?
What are you talking about, Jack?
When we were on Ghost,
when we were on Ghost,
Ryan Ridley and I would
giggle like we would do
impressions of Pinhead
as done by Ted Knight.
We'd be like, oh, oh, oh,
oh, oh.
This is a biggie.
He's just like, oh,
you'll soul apartment role,
Ted Knight.
Thank you.
The only 55-year-old.
Frank Knight is in the house.
When was he knighted?
Dumb. All right. No, that was good.
Look, secret to dad jokes.
You don't have to have a kid. You turn 45
and they start fucking...
I just make puns all day lately.
It's like a rash.
Do you read signs, too?
Out loud in the car?
Yeah.
Do you twist them into puns?
Custer, yogurt, more like...
No, dads don't get that far.
They just go like...
They just be driving and they go...
Norms.
Chick-fil-A.
Dollar general.
Maybe not by myself,
but I'm assuming there's someone else in the car.
Cooles hardware.
They really be like that, though.
Dads.
It's true.
What were you telling me about the James Franklin
Jamestown thing?
Oh, well, here's another reference nobody will know.
Does anybody know who Lucille Ball was?
Yeah.
Well, her hometown is Jamestown,
upstate New York, Buffalo.
And they approached her when she was still
living, obviously, and said,
we want to do a museum dedicated to you.
And she said,
I would much prefer
if you do a museum celebrating comedy.
Wow.
So the National
Comedy Center was built.
They started on it eight years ago,
and I took a tour
a week ago, and it is
mind-blowing.
If anybody's a comedy nerd, you will weep.
It's absolutely mecca.
What
town in New York is that,
like a bigger town, is the Jamestown near?
I don't know,
because I am from the West Coast,
and I do not know my way around there.
I'm going to be up there not too long.
Buffalo is the biggest.
Oh, you've got to check it out.
Yeah, and there's a big opening.
It's funny, Harmontown was never asked to...
Pardon me?
To contribute?
We still haven't been inducted.
We don't have a chair alone.
I got a Harmontown question,
as I normally sort of...
These still suck.
Yeah, they're the worst.
They're so uncomfortable.
I've been saying it for years, and they're still here.
We're guests here.
It's a fine theater.
You want us to start asking for...
We'd have to provide our own.
I feel like we brought these chairs.
Yes, because they were at the castle.
You cut to just these really comfortable chairs
throughout.
That's awesome.
Lorraine Newman.
Conehead Stories, go.
Okay.
All right.
This one's called Conehead Stories.
Take it away.
Okay, well, one time,
we wanted to kill off the Coneheads
and send them back to Remulax,
so we did some actual outside filming
where Dan Acroy, Jane Curtin,
we were just driving around,
I think New Jersey or something.
And the thing that they attached
the cone with
was something that's not used anymore
called spirit gum.
And we'd only been at it
for like five minutes when we did a sketch,
but this was like several hours
and it started to burn like fuck.
You know?
And I don't know,
I think I'm not speaking out of school
when I say that Danny and Jane
smoked weed to deal with the pain.
They can take the hit.
Their careers can take it.
I think TMZ is here tonight.
That's probably whose phone rang.
Oh, dear God.
But Danny and Jane can take it.
Yeah, I mean, Jane is still waters.
I heard he called her an ignorant slut once.
He did.
But I mean, when the Stones...
TMZ, out to the street.
When the Rolling Stones hosted our show,
Jane Curtin's dressing room was next to mine
and I remember opening the door
and Jane was in a bathrobe and curlers
smoking and Mick Jagger was there.
Just the two of them.
It's like this...
he should be in my dressing room.
Why is he...
She hasn't sunk in for me that it's just legal now.
Isn't it just legal?
It's sort of like in this whole fracas...
I mean, I had a medical card
and I would go talk to the guy with the ponytail
on the stethoscope and like pretend
I had sleep apnea.
It's not legal in New York.
Because my older child
was complaining.
She wanted some edibles.
She was freaking out because she had bed bugs.
And she was sure
that she was finding them all over the house.
It was kind of like Coke bugs.
But she said, God, I could use some edibles.
I said, go out and get some.
It's illegal in New York and I had no idea.
Huh.
Because you're like it always seemed legal
when I was here.
What's the problem?
I think we got a little
sidetracked from the conehead story.
Did you ever keep
shit? Is the cone
hollow? Is the conehead...
Well, it's not
hollow, but it is firm and...
Well, I...
I've officially become Regis Philbin, by the way.
I don't remember.
What do you put in there?
It's the cone hollow. You put things in there.
I put an omelet.
Was there like another act to the spirit gum
story when you were all burning to death?
That was it. You know, we did need to
pump gas at one point, which
was fun. Do you remember
back when the conehead
movie was coming out and we
at Comedy Spores
had to wear coneheads and we played
the game Doctor Conehead because
we were... That's right.
Comedy Spores was hoping we would get on a local commercial.
Oh, my God.
That was so sad. Tell that story.
Yeah, like Paramount
did the coneheads movie
and, yeah, the part
of the promotion was that they sent coneheads.
I mean, I'm kind of just repeating what you said, but we
worked at Comedy Spores. Well, you know, like back in the
the commercials
where they go, we loved it.
Yeah, they were wearing a conehead
or something, and so our comedy
club took it, they were like,
oh, that means that we could get
some promotion.
Like, no, they're not...
It was so sad that we like
perverted our show to like instead of
we used to play Doctor Know-It-All, you know, that theater
sports game or Mr. Know-It-All, where you do
three people and then you answer one word at a time.
Let's do a round. Hey, somebody ask
a question.
I heard, why is the sky blue? You fucking
slow pokes.
Here's the thing, it doesn't matter what the fucking question
is.
The...
Sky is blue.
Oh, shit. Oh, shit. Sorry.
Sorry.
Go ahead.
Why would you go from here to here?
It's my fault.
You go. You go.
I was thinking of you as the referee.
He's going to get the suggestions from the audience.
Anyways, so our little
improv troupe, they changed
the name for that
six-month period
to Doctor Conehead, so we all
had to wear Coneheads, because the idea was
that we could send
the tapes that they religiously taped every
show from the back of the soundboard. And we hated it.
Oh, good, those tapes look. We hated it.
We just taped in a black box theater. Where was this done?
Milwaukee. Oh.
And we hated it, and so we would go
out of our way to screw it up, so
the footage would be unusable.
Yeah.
Diabolical. I can't remember what we did.
Do you wear the coat on? I don't know.
I think it was just like
just doing terrible.
I mean, soon after that, you and I were not
allowed on stage together.
Yeah.
Rob and I were forbidden to be on stage
together.
It's kind of a
fun part of our friendship.
I guess we were too powerful
comedically. That's how we
chose to look at it.
Somebody might burst into flames.
Yeah.
Comedy fire, yeah.
When you were doing
improv,
what stuff were you doing
before SNL? What kind of crazy stuff?
I was part of
this improv workshop, and from
that workshop, we formed the Groundlings.
Oh, really? Yeah.
You were
afoundling.
I'm afoundling. Who is
in your true?
Here's the original people, and nobody
here is going to know who these people are.
Tim Matheson.
Pat Merida.
Yeah.
Jack Sue.
Valerie Curtin,
who was married to Barry Levinson and his
writing partner at the time,
and she's also Jane's cousin.
Because, you know, everything's connected.
And I guess,
you know, I don't think you'd know
the other people, but a lot of them turned out
to be showrunners in the 80s
and 90s.
Yeah.
And Lauren kind of came and saw you
and scooped you up, or what happened?
Yeah, he saw me.
I was doing characters,
and he came with Lily Tomlin.
He was producing her special.
They hired me for that.
And then later, Lauren came
back and saw me doing new characters
and hired me for SNL.
What characters were you doing?
And let's see one of them.
Was there anything that we might
recognize, or was it all news stuff?
I was doing The Valley Girl,
and Sherry the Stewardess,
and the Swedish Kyke Lady
who did one
appearance on SNL.
An angry Jewish poet,
his name's Sarah Lynn, who had
one appearance on SNL.
Alice,
who, you know, her mundane existence,
she thought was really weird.
One
appearance on SNL.
And then Emily Cohnhead,
37.
Yeah.
I got a million of them.
That's amazing.
How was Lily Tomlin?
She was great.
This was in the 70s, and tapings
can go on forever.
She was at level three in the morning,
and she was out there doing stand-up
to keep the audience going.
I really admired that so much.
I'm confused about that.
You're talking about SNL?
No, this was a Lily Tomlin special.
Okay.
Lauren came and scouted you from the ground links
to do the Lily Tomlin special.
They actually were looking for men,
but they hired me.
That is a double achievement,
as all you ladies know.
The ground links that we might know.
Archie Hahn?
Yeah, I know the name, but not now.
I don't think you'd know any of them,
except for the people I mentioned.
My very first play was four years old.
I was at the Ground Links Theatre.
You're kidding.
And Paul Rubens was doing a show,
and one of his characters was Pee Wee.
Oh, my God.
And we weren't allowed to see it,
because apparently it was not for kids.
It wasn't.
He was an architecture student.
His hair was this long,
ring-less,
and we did an improv show there.
And then I left
to join this improv group
that became the Ground Links,
and then when I got SNL, Paul asked me
if he should go to the Ground Links,
and I said, yes.
Do you still actively do improv?
Every once in a while,
the alumni shows at the Ground Links.
But I also do improv classes
taught by this guy, Bill Steinkelner,
who is a showrunner for Cheers
and lots of other sitcoms.
You're taking them as a student?
Yeah, it's just for fun.
It's all Ground Links alumni.
That is actually the most fun I can recall
is when we were doing workshops
at Comedy Sports,
because you just do these crazy scenes.
If you had a cool teacher,
you would just do these in the middle,
in the back room of a bar
at three in the afternoon,
for 90 minutes,
and it's the best audience in the world,
which a bunch of other drunk people
that are like, this is amazing
that we do this.
People are all very, very old,
and so it's like, well, George couldn't make it.
He had knee replacement.
That feeling, especially when
there's nothing to lose anymore,
when it's not like, oh, I hope I get into the AAA.
Yeah, but the games
that Bill has created
are so sophisticated
and wonderful and so fun,
and nothing like
the Violas Bowling games.
He's just grown it to a...
I hate using that word exponential.
Do you find yourself going through,
when you do improv and you enter a scene,
do you black out?
Do you...
Rob and I have talked about this
as bad as we are at improv.
We're not like
guys that you would compare
to good, long-form people
that we see who are such great listeners
and maybe disciplined and all this stuff,
but I don't...
Is there this thing where you kind of like...
Do I black out? Yeah, absolutely.
I'm a shitty improviser. I was never good.
I always did character monologues at the ground links.
I was never a good improviser.
Do you think it's because you're a bad listener
or bad holding tasker?
You need to process and everybody else
is all over. I'm a slow processor.
I watch the Ascat things.
And I'm watching these guys and I'm like,
how on earth did they split the difference
between this much crowd-pleasing
and this much actual discipline?
I don't even know, because also they're denying
all this shit that I learned as rules.
It's like, oh, the only way through a scene
is if you apply all these fucking rules
and then maybe something good will come out of it.
But UCB,
they teach just this crazy...
No, this is how you do a sketch
in three minutes,
which I guess is how they kind of rose to the...
That's nice for them.
They do really hard shows.
They have a show called The Crazy Uncle Joe show.
And it's all suggestions
from the audience.
And what they do is they do like short little scenes
and they go back and forth in time
so they have to remember what they established
and the characters they established
in each scene.
That's hard.
That is really hard.
I find watching improv...
I do a lot of improv, it's mostly short stuff,
like gamey stuff.
Watching other people do improv
scares the shit out of me.
Doing improv doesn't scare me at all.
Being in the audience, I'm sweating.
I'm nervous.
You project yourself up on stage,
you're like, I wouldn't have thought of that.
I wouldn't have done that.
I'd be fucked up there. I wouldn't be able to make it.
But when you're up on stage,
you go into that blackout, you roll your eyes back
and just bite like a shark.
My big limitation is
I was always like a bad listener.
You bite like a shark, you guys.
I don't know if you should be biting.
This is real improv talk, you guys.
I would just wait off stage and see a scene
and go, okay, I think I'll be the plumber.
They clearly need a plumber here.
And then I got this great idea
and I come in and I don't fucking...
You hold on to the idea.
I watch other people doing it better
even though they're talking, they're still listening.
And they're able to.
But I think Schrab and I are in the same category.
It's like, you come in as a plumber,
you already decided that you're a plumber
and that the reason you're a plumber is because Voltron's parked outside
and if somebody's like, hold on, I need Ben Franklin,
you're like, Ben Franklin doesn't exist.
There's a Voltron outside.
You're like, fuck everybody.
I have an idea. If you just give it a chance, you'd learn.
And that's maybe...
I don't know if that's like a writer's mind
or it's just...
Why don't I call it what it is? Bad improv.
It's also, it's like in relationships
where you want that person to feel
heard and understood
but you're really just waiting for them to stop talking
so you can go ahead and say the thing you already made up your mind.
Yeah, which applies to life, yeah.
That's a problem in improv. That is a problem.
And in real life, too.
I find the secret is to come out on stage
and as soon as possible make a butt
or a titty or a dick joke.
Why are you leaving out farts?
You're blowing my mind, Lorraine.
That's that groundling shit.
Would you mind if we brought up
my friend Steve Levy
to the stage?
And Dan,
speaking of Levy
I'm not allowed to talk
when my voice gets tired of starting to get tired
so I will take my Levy as you welcome a new Levy.
All right, let's hope we won't.
We'll see you this.
And let's all welcome
Jeff's replacement.
No pressure, Steve Levy.
Oh, man.
The new Jeff.
That is a lot of pressure.
Oh, boy.
Watch this.
Detonate.
Oh, no.
Steve, I just...
Oh.
What's going on?
What's...
And tell me whenever I'm being forward.
Totally.
But your love life, what's going on?
Are you dating or whatever?
You know.
People want to know, but we don't have to know.
No, no, look.
I'm not dating anybody.
Just talk slowly.
I'm not dating
anybody.
Why did you make him do that?
I thought it was going to be sexy.
Sexy.
You know.
You're not dating anybody.
It's hard out there in the streets.
Look, I'm on those...
I'm on those bumbles and I'm even on those rias.
You got on those rias?
Yeah, Steve got into ria.
Sorry for yelling. Steve got into ria.
What is that?
It's for famous people.
But I'm not famous.
Steve.
Yeah.
Meanwhile, I'm sitting over here.
I'm on Bumble.
What?
I got to get you on ria.
That's what I've been saying.
What the fuck are you guys talking about?
Ria is...
I'll try to explain it to Lorraine.
How do you know?
Well, I don't entirely know.
So maybe we can access it.
I try to explain it to Lorraine.
It's one of the dating apps.
But it's selective for...
Famous people.
You start with the baseline of famous people,
but then also it could be
construed as rich people.
It's basically like elite people.
But it also turns out to be based on some algorithm
that it has to do with Instagram followers.
And that's it.
No, no.
But you also need references
and to submit an application.
It's like an episode of Black Mirror.
It is.
It's almost worse than that.
Yeah, because it's sort of like...
I'm sure nobody on it is complaining,
but I'm sure none of them want
anyone else to know it exists,
because it makes such an easy target.
It's such an obscenely,
like, elitist thing
that would only draw derision from anyone
that isn't able to get into it.
You'd be like, oh, my God.
Well, don't people have trouble admitting
they're on a dating site to begin with?
Yeah. Do they now?
Yeah, I mean, this app covers it up
and it just says, like, connecting.
This is a dating app.
It's for professionals seeking other professionals.
Is that a true thing, though,
being on an app?
That's not a...
Don't most people...
You have young daughters.
Isn't it part of, like,
youthful society to just...
Like, everybody's on two or three of these things?
No? They're on a lot of them.
A lot of different ones, I think.
My kids said...
No, people in general.
They always seem to find people
without that.
Oh, all right. Well, maybe for the Newman's.
But...
Einbinders. That's their name.
Oh, okay.
Anyway, that was a conversation stopper.
No.
Well, I just...
I got to get...
You got to get on there because it's...
Why can't I get on?
I couldn't get any Bumble matches,
but on Raya, so many matches.
I'm famous.
Wait, you have to try?
Let me...
Let me pull some strings, you know.
Yeah, no, pull some strings.
I'll get you on that, Raya.
Hey, he got me first class at Boston.
I did. Yes.
That has to cost way more money than joining an app.
Yeah.
So, go ahead, Dan, yes?
Didn't you say something about Raya
being so exclusive that...
if they just...
Yeah, it's international.
It's not just whatever city you're in.
Yeah, I'm matching with people in Sweden,
the U.K., all over America.
Oh, it's the lead singer of
Icelandic rock band.
Australian.
Here's hoping we hook up one day.
Yeah.
I think it's kind of exciting talking to people
from other places.
Yeah, because they're famous.
Yeah, that's why, because they're famous.
It's a guarantee.
I mean...
Oh, it's exceedingly gross.
I should have explained before I said,
look, it's kind of gross what I was going to say before saying it.
Steve's dick.
Look, it's kind of gross.
My dick's on there.
It's webbed.
So, like all the other dating apps,
you get a profile
and there's a play button and you hit the play button
and there's a
really nice, like...
Like...
Like a company logo.
Like a...
Are you allowed to be telling us this?
Isn't this how Bruce Lee died?
It's like a picture presentation
with whatever song you choose,
which gives you a lot of...
This is so terrible.
It is terrible.
Good business is where you find it.
It's a sizzle reel.
Oil.
It's like you lifting a weight.
Oh, a sizzle reel for dating.
That is the end of civilization.
It really is.
It's the invention of...
Remember when video dating first happened
before it was...
Jeff might just be leaving because, yeah.
Oh, there's no back door.
Have you been back there?
We love you, Jeff.
Remember when video... Before computer dating,
it was video dating.
I was a kid,
but the idea was the modern...
Everyone was like, is this going to ruin love?
It's so systematized
because you'd go to a place
and then check out videos
and take them into a private room
and watch candidates.
There'd just be them
against a backdrop, the same backdrop.
Usually I'd go, my name's Maggie
and I like walks on the beach
and Jesus Christ.
So many posted those old videos
on Facebook. They are hilarious.
They really are.
It's like bad family photos,
that kind of thing.
There's a big...
I was listening to this podcast,
The Illusionist.
It's like a language... Helen Zaltzman.
Yeah, yeah. Great podcast.
And she had a dating
app, kind of, I don't know,
specialist expert, somebody was talking about
profiles that get swiped
or whatever the fuck.
Interesting question, like whether you're supposed to lie
to people, trick people,
what the truth is, like what is
charisma?
It's so primal
and so ridiculous still.
We got this whole new generation of kids
they're using these apps, but you can
clearly from what I'm hearing
from their conversation, it's like, oh, it's just
a bunch of morons doing the same things
that we always did.
It's guys thinking that if you just
treat a girl mean, it'll
be like, well, who's this bruiser?
And sometimes
they're right accidentally in the fucking
match made in hell and now you're going to have a serial killer.
Did anybody...
God, anybody watch
Nikki Glazer's show? She had this bit
where
she would create...
God, let me just see
if I can say this succinctly.
It would be like an online dating
thing, but we would see the chat
and the chat from her
and would be so egregious
and horrible and the guess was
how long would the guy stay on?
And it was hilarious.
Isn't that a good story?
It is crazy the
disproportionate reality
of like
like how...
like your average guy
and how clueless
like the average guy is
versus how socialized
for like, I'll make
anything work and also
I have a million ways out of this.
Like the women who are like
socialized to tolerate this shit.
Like how early does that happen
that like by 17
you can see it like the guys
are just like hammerhead sharks.
I don't know if that's how hammerhead sharks work.
I just picture hammerhead sharks is like
beating against a boat until it sinks.
Otherwise, why would you shape a shark like that?
I mean... Drowning and pussy.
Shape your sharks right, bro.
Talking to you, God.
Chesting up with my anti-
nerd neck.
Shape your sharks right.
What are you, a nerd God?
That was bad
when I said drowning and pussy, right?
I couldn't resist.
That was so funny.
Such a great visual.
Just the cannonball guy, yeah.
But yeah, I don't know.
I guess I just brought that up.
I had nothing. It doesn't land anywhere.
But you just like...
So anyway, this gross thing that I do.
Oh, you... Yeah, yeah.
I forgot to finish that. Did I interrupt you a million years ago?
Who cares?
It's probably going to suck anyway.
But look, the profile, it links you to their Instagram.
You can click on it.
You can see if they're a cool person or not.
But like the thing I always clock is
how many Instagram followers they have
because they make it a requirement
for the app.
And I'm like, oh, this person seems extra famous.
Maybe I do want...
I weigh that in my consideration of whether I swipe or not.
That is attractive.
What do you have to put in?
Thanks, Vince.
Well, this app is for you, bud.
I'm going to get you right on there.
When you set up your profile,
what do you have to say?
Oh, I mean,
you select however many pictures you want.
Then you go through like...
essentially Spotify
and pick whatever song you want.
What song did you pick?
I picked Good Times, Bad Times
by Led Zeppelin.
Okay.
So you're like, what are you going to get with me?
A schmarcus board.
Yeah, I mean, I didn't really...
Not promise and shit.
You're going to get a human being.
Ups and towns, baby.
I'm a fucking idiot. I didn't think about it like that.
I just like, you know,
I like classic rock.
I'm going to steer away from Dave Matthews.
Led Zeppelin.
Why do you steer away from Dave Matthews now?
Is that your dirty secret?
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, look, it's not a secret.
It's dirty, but it's not a secret.
I love them,
but I don't want people judging me.
You're aware of the stigma.
Of course there's a fucking stigma.
Spencer.
At least it's not Nickelback.
I don't know why people beg on that band.
I don't know their sound.
I'm sure I've heard Nickelback.
But they're a punchline.
I always hear bands like that.
I'll hear the band name,
because I'll see a stand-up comic or something.
They'll go like, at least I'm not Hoosin' Fussin'.
And then I'll be like,
I'm going to steer away from this Hoosin' Fussin'.
I'll find out six months later.
I'm like, I love this guy's toe-tapping jukebox song.
Hoosin' Fussin'.
They're the guys that did Straw Digger.
Nickelback is just a funny-sounding name.
Yeah, it's like Pennywise.
That could be.
It's got a bunch of K's in it.
What's that?
It is like Pennywise.
Are you a Pennywise fan, since you don't like Pennywise?
And how?
Did you like the new Pennywise?
I did.
Did you like the old Pennywise?
I did. Oh, God, yeah. Tim Curry.
Yeah, Dan, Tim Curry.
Did you like that, Dan?
The mini-series?
Yeah.
We always get through the whole thing whenever we watch it.
That and Langoliers.
Did you like Langoliers?
Langoliers.
Yeah.
I think it's safe to say now,
because I didn't want to, like,
I don't know.
So Stephen King's son,
which I'm sure he does not want to be known as,
because he's an author.
Joe Hill.
He came to the Boston show,
and it's like, you've met him?
Have you seen a photo of him?
Yeah. What the fuck?
Dude, how dense is that Stephen King gene?
I know.
It was like, how much other people
do you have to add
to Stephen King's come?
I, like, before...
And the answer, because he brought his kids,
and his kids were like, okay,
now we're cooling down a little here.
And Stephen King, by the way,
nah, I want to make it clear,
not an ugly man.
I think he's got a very curious handsomeness,
and his son is, like, all the more...
Curious handsomeness.
All the more rugged and...
That's what I'd like to be described as.
Curious handsomeness.
But so specific.
It's just like, oh, Stephen King!
Oh, my God, Stephen King.
Holy shit, Stephen fucking King gene.
Yeah, we got to call you something different.
We never got to hear about the...
RISD?
What is it called?
We never got to hear about it.
It sounds like it's going
either perfectly or horribly,
and there's no difference.
What's the video you had to make?
I just put a bunch of pictures.
So have you met up with anybody?
I have not, but I've spoken with a bunch of people.
A lot of them live all over the world.
It's hard to meet up.
That's fantastic. I love that.
But I made some new long-distance
friends.
Which is fine, right? That's nice.
Oh, yeah.
I guess...
I guess famous people
should be more poised
and globalist
and friend-friendly.
Famous people should be more friendly.
Yeah.
Because they're famous, they're fortune.
Right.
I'm not going to be famous by being grouchy
because I've heard some Icelandic guitarist.
It's a good practice
for bigger levels of fame.
What would be your song, Dan?
It's the best described
in your montage.
Take Me Home
by Phil Collins?
Take Me Home.
How's that going?
Well, the important part of the lyrics
that I would want a prospective mate to hear is,
I can turn off my feelings
like I'm turning off a light.
Yeah.
Oh.
I feel like it's important to know.
Like, it absolves them
of a certain amount of responsibility.
Right.
And it warns them.
Okay, not as funny as I thought.
No.
Because you detected
not as untrue as I would like to believe.
It is good advice.
That was the old reversal of...
I thought it would be
one of those things where...
Spencer, what would your theme song be?
Oh.
Dave Matthews.
I think that Steve
made a grave error
by not going with Dave Matthews.
It's too on the nose.
But I think yours would be that
Teen Titans song. How does that one go?
Oh, there's this song...
It's not funny to explain.
There's a song called Night Begins to Shine.
It's fun to listen to
on repeat, like, for two hours straight.
It's really good.
And he's done it. I've been there.
Oh, Steve's been there.
But Spencer's
version of it's great.
Can you give us a little bit of it?
I don't know.
Are we going to get sued?
No.
What are you...
No. Go ahead.
Dude.
We've done everything else on this podcast.
Let's get sued.
We're going to court.
All right.
Hold on.
Teen Titans coming at you.
Bigger than regular teams.
That's true.
Each of them is bigger than you
and their teams.
I'm going to fast forward.
This guy loves this song.
Night begins to shine
The night begins to shine
Shine begins to shine
We'd be on the road
and it would be like a silence
and Spencer will just...
And this will seem loaded, Lorraine,
and you can lie if you want,
but you're 23-year-old.
Is she single?
She doesn't tell me.
Steve doesn't need any help.
Get me on Raya.
Jesus Christ.
I was trying to set you up
with a real new man clone.
I'm too...
I go off half-cocked.
That's what's known about me.
I had you this close to SNL Legacy.
I blew it.
All right.
Who was affected by this horrible shooting
with Trader Joe's?
We were out of town.
I wasn't.
It happened very close to where I live.
We were on Doug Love's movies
while this was all happening.
Nobody in the audience
got a loved one hurt or anything, did they?
My partner went to the other Trader Joe's
at that very moment.
Almost went to that one.
As he said, in case nobody heard,
your partner went to the other Trader Joe's
at that moment.
It was like a fluke.
I was like, oh, you were a Trader Joe's.
You might have seen the thing,
but no.
Oh, my God.
I just went to the other one.
I don't have to.
All right.
I solicited it.
It was good.
It was all good. Everyone wins.
I just don't want him to feel bad.
Everyone wins tonight.
What else do we have to accomplish?
D&D.
Should we play D&D?
Yeah.
Lorraine, you have a choice.
I don't want to put you on the spot.
You can exhunt.
You're going to play D&D?
Yeah.
I'll be leaving.
I don't know anything about it.
Let's all thank the fabulous and honest
Lorraine Newman.
Thank you so much for coming.
Thank you.
Fantastic.
I'll pass out the thing.
Oh, God.
Friend of the podcast, Lorraine Newman.
Who would have thought? That was so good.
It's kind of like living in a crazy dream, Los Angeles.
You end up rubbing elbows
with the people that you watched
on the Magic Box.
So fun.
Then after a while,
you've done enough.
You get tired.
You start to go, this box was never magic.
I was controlling it the whole time.
Okay.
Here we go, then.
With the game.
Do you remember what?
Oh, you weren't here the last.
I love this tradition.
It's good.
The fabulous Lorraine Newman.
Second exit.
Lorraine Newman.
Garrett Morris.
We used to sit around and do that.
We would do that impression.
I do that impression.
Sometimes you go into the
later years.
Spence, you want to hit us?
Zach, you got that D&D music queued up?
Oh, hell yeah.
Spence, hit us with a recap, bro.
I think this would be your music.
Yeah, I was going to say that,
but that seemed too on the nose.
This is his day, Matthew.
Right.
Last time on Harmon Time,
our heroes were escaping from town.
After they
tried to kidnap Shrove,
and Shrove got away.
They gave up and left the town,
but DJ went back to the town and got kidnapped.
So the gang had to rescue them,
and they did, and then they got in a fight
where they found some clues
that led them to find Patchen's Jeff.
After killing
some vampires,
they went to go help with a fire.
And then when they were helping with the fire,
they caused more fire or something.
I think they put out the fire,
and then restarted the fire.
That sounds right.
And then they made a hasty retreat,
but they were followed by a couple farmers,
and as they escaped,
the farmers pursued them,
and then they started cutting the farmers down to sides.
It was pretty much overkill,
because they were just farmers,
and they were poorly armed.
And so then they just kind of,
I think you guys convinced them to just go away,
and you're like, we're just going to leave,
and you've got a raven
telling you to go on a new mission,
which you were going to do,
and then you were going towards the new mission place,
and then you saw a colt,
and it sounded like you were going to attack the colt.
Now...
Farmer's down.
What are you eating?
Either I forgot to take my Adderall this morning,
or this shit's going to get cray cray.
But you know what?
It tastes like attention.
That's why I love it.
You're not going to go to bed until four tonight.
Well, it depends.
Did I take somewhere earlier?
I can't remember.
Maybe I'll learn some new software.
Spence, last thing that happened,
was Chad attacking the people?
Yeah, but Chad...
He's...
No one's playing him right now, right?
Or do you want to play Chad instead of...
Instead of the shambling mouth?
Gary? No.
Okay.
What about our friend Michael Waldron?
Oh, yeah, Waldron's here.
He's white.
He just gave a look like...
I'll come up.
Okay, we've got a lot of volunteers.
All right.
Wait, how do we do this fairly?
Don't play on my sense of fairness.
He's blind.
Wait a minute.
I'm hearing podcast dynamite.
How blind are you?
He's blind. I legally blind.
That's fair. Let's still count.
Make my way up there.
Is that part of the albinism?
Is that...
You're living with albinism?
All right, get up here.
And someone help him.
I think the stairs are on the other side.
Oh, there are stairs.
Geez, what a hero.
Like, really...
I have some albino questions.
Starting with, is the word albino...
Because I haven't...
How is this offensive?
There are two different things, but I don't get offended by it.
There's too many groups getting pissed about us playing villains,
and we're actually all villains.
Right?
I have a friend, Victor Varnado.
He was channel 101 guy,
and he cast his villains
like angels
that are fallen angels.
Angels or pedophiles
in suits.
So, is the word...
So, is that part...
Is the suit...
You're wearing a beautiful pinstripe suit.
Like, are you...
A hit man?
I would be the shittiest hit man ever.
Unless it was nighttime.
Do you...
Are you compensating for exotic good looks?
Because you don't want...
Because you're like, look, I'm in a fucking suit.
Respect me as a human being.
Don't...
I don't know, I just always like them,
and also they breathe more than shirts,
so the sun doesn't touch as much of my skin.
Like a vampire...
What's your name, by the way?
Kaelin.
What's your last name?
Chase.
You just doxed him.
What?
Well, he doxed himself.
Oh, I don't know what happened.
Maybe it doesn't...
First and last name, I don't know.
Don't worry about it, it's on IMDB.
See?
Alright, alright, alright.
What?
Sorry, I...
What, you can't say names now?
I don't know what you can do, obviously.
I'm just saying...
Kate and Chase sounds
like a badass.
That's it.
It does, Kaelin Chase.
Mr. Chase,
will you please
dispatch...
Alright, well, let's get you a glass.
Jesus Christ.
Steve's on it.
I have followed
Chad the Fire Liker a little bit.
I can't see what he has, I'll just ask Spencer
what I can throw at stuff.
Oh, yeah, I mean, Chad's out of spells
right now, basically, too, so it's not...
I'll just use my poison cunning.
Yeah.
Wait, but as long as I have you,
so I have this chance.
So I just want to know...
The language of it all.
Is it rude to call
someone albino?
In what context?
Can you tutor me?
So the albinos,
like from that movie
with Chevy Chase and Goldie Hawn
where the guy with the pink eyes,
albinos have
20-20 vision, pink eyes,
and they're a little more pale,
and albinistic people usually have
ocular, so I have a pigment
in the front of my eyes, but I have vision problems.
My eyes shake and stuff like that,
but I look more normal, so it's much more funny
when I bump into things and things like that.
They're like, oh, I thought you were just a Scandinavian
who's clumsy.
So that
actually is.
That gets complicated. There's a minefield there
because you can be caught.
Because it's not even like, oh,
yeah, so an albino
is...
But it seems like
with language, the key is
let's not call people things.
So calling someone
unautistic is like,
a bad idea.
And so calling someone an albino
I would assume is like, bad,
but I'm hearing that you can't say,
oh, that person with albinism
because that would be you instead,
and you'd be like, don't lump me in with that
fucking pink eye.
Generally, if somebody's really interested
if they ask me, and I say, excuse me, I'm sorry
to ask, are you albino? And I'd be like,
technically yes, and if you'd like to know the reason
and you have a minute, I'll tell you, but
it's like, most people are just like, oh yeah, he has no pigment
and that's fine. I'm like, yeah.
I don't mind. I'll lump myself in with them.
It's just, you know, I don't have the pink eyes
and I can't drive. It's like if you asked
Worf if he was a Romulan.
I think you take more offense than I do,
but I'm pretty easy going, I suppose.
How often
do strangers
in a public place, do they
do they inquire about that?
Mostly, it's
way less around here, because there's so many weirdos
and just people
because if you can handle
David Duchovny sitting near you
without acknowledging it,
we're trained to respect people
by treating them like ghosts. You can go most places,
but yeah, anywhere in the Midwest
it's the moms, the tourists
they'll go like, excuse me, could you tell me?
Yeah, and then the farther east
you get, they're just like, hey.
Hey, settle the bet.
You an angel?
Yes.
Give me three wishes.
Is that how angels work?
You gotta rub the lamp.
How come your eyes ain't pink?
You gotta rub the lamp?
Yeah, you take advantage.
Thank you for answering all those questions
and not being like, because I know
that's gotta be like, whatever.
I don't know, it could be irritating.
I now go forth into the world
a little more educated.
The East Coast thing, though, it's more funny.
By the way, I could Google it
if I really had empathy, but
instead I just wait
and just abuse
strangers in front of my microphone.
But thank you, thank you for joining us.
Alright, so Kaelin Chase, what a...
Cool first and last name.
Glad we found it out.
That's alright.
Now that I know he's an actor, that's fine.
Yeah, so last we left off,
Chad was attacking these cultists.
Well, he certainly was
announcing he was attacking
and seemingly charging towards.
I have no spells, so I'd like to stop
in my tracks swiftly and look back at my crew.
Oh, shit. You do that.
They're looking at you
as if maybe for guidance or confusion.
What a false alarm.
I'd like to defer to Carlos
or someone who knows more and has spells.
That's a good instinct.
They were doing aerobics?
What were they doing?
They were doing aerobics, seemingly.
They were very far away.
I mean, I love aerobics.
We should join them.
I think that's actually as
ridiculous as your pitches usually are
compared to attacking them.
I'm willing to...
Yeah, let's just join in.
He did aerobics with those aerobics cultists
like many episodes ago.
Like he got all about it.
Dude, I'm so good at jumping tax, you got no idea.
Do we need mats to lay down?
Or can we just...
I mean, I'm asking.
Do we need mats...
To lay down?
To lay down? Is it dirt floor?
Are they doing yoga?
You're on an expansive
plains.
It's like a flat part
and an otherwise rolling landscape
of hills and paths.
Do we need mats?
I unroll my bedroll
and I stand on it and I start doing
whatever moves these guys are doing.
You're very far away, so you're going to have to
approach them.
I pick him up and I carry him over there.
Hell yeah, let's go.
I say, you have to let me use your mat now.
Okay, we can share it.
Yeah, we'll share it.
It's great, just don't sweat too much, okay?
I'm made out of plant.
You're a big monster and so as you approach
the cult kind of looks at you
and they stop doing their
things and they just all kind of turn to look.
No, no, no.
We love what you're doing here.
He's a good guy.
He's a good man.
Don't be afraid.
He's a good guy.
Are you being harangued by that monster?
No, he's my friend.
His name's Gary, he's a good dude.
This guy just wants to do some yoga with you guys.
Let's all chill out.
He's not a monster, he's a good person.
What's yoga?
Question, what are you guys doing?
Oh, we're just
templifying our bodies.
We know all about that, can we join?
Oh yeah,
templify your bodies and purify your mind.
They hand you a white robe
with gold trim.
Whoa, this is a pretty sweet little robe.
That's what they're wearing.
It's a little small on me.
It's very heavy, it feels like it's weighted.
Not like very, very heavy,
but heavier than clothes.
Is there something in a pocket?
This sounds important.
It's like weighted.
Is it the gold that makes it heavy?
No, it's the clothes.
So this is like extra,
it's like when you're hiking
and you decide to put on a weighted vest
and you're just getting a little extra,
holding them in your hand
that reminds you of that exactly.
Oh man.
I tie the sleeves around my waist
like I'm a
badass grunge guy.
Uh-huh.
It's badass.
Like a grunge guy.
I put the robe on. How does it feel?
It's heavy.
No, but is it soft?
What am I working with here?
It's nice. It's not like high-grade cloth,
but in terms of robes,
it's nice. Not like a fine robe.
Like hotel bathrobe?
Yeah, like a hotel bathrobe.
No, not quite, but let's say yes.
Doesn't it?
That doesn't have pockets.
When does this become blasphemy for the church
is what I want to know?
Kaelin is legally blind and he can see the social cues.
Yeah.
I was like exercising near Chad
and I'm like, hey Chad,
because honestly I'm part of the problem too.
I was leaning in and just saying,
why are we here?
Putting on these robes,
but now we're trying to dress like them.
It seems like eventually this is going to go too far.
Do you remember
why we came here?
Well, we were on our way to do a mission.
There was two different ones.
There was a pageant's gem and then we were supposed to go
from the church to the other place that's going to happen first.
And now we're wearing
heath and robes and this is bad news.
Right. He's right.
Dude, I mean,
yeah, but look, I'm getting jacked.
So when we hit that mining town,
I'm going to be ready for the fight.
I said we fuck off and go then.
But that's bad guys.
You'd be fighting as bad guys.
Well, we don't want to fight the good guys.
I think we're supposed to be here.
I guess I need larger clarity on what the issue is
at the mining town.
Like, is it like an episode of Night Rider?
We re-consult the note.
I look at the note again.
Hope this note finds you well.
Okay.
Fontius is the guy that we're supposed to help
against the union.
Fontius is the town.
Fontius is the
Mr. Liberty.
We should go there.
Right.
And so it's the union that we're upset with
because we're good guys.
Fuck the union.
Damn.
Wow, this guy's
crazy.
Well,
hey, this is great exercise.
Where's the mine?
One of them holds you,
hands you a big kettlebell
and purify those abs.
Purify those abs.
And now we're going to do this all day.
All right, I purify a couple abs.
With a kettlebell.
You feel the sin leaving your body.
It's great.
Hey, does anybody know where the mines are?
Yeah, no.
You are on your way there.
They're just down this road you were traveling on already.
All right.
Thanks for helping us get jacked.
We're going to go head that way.
We're at our branch office
in Blade Glen sometime.
What's it called?
The branch office of the church of the body temple.
Hey, I like branch offices.
Hey, oh.
All right.
You thought I was a monster.
I'm actually hilarious.
Oh, you.
That's right.
You are funny.
Better leave.
Here we go.
I thought these guys.
Thanks for the sweet road.
All right.
Well, now you see another cult.
You've been walking for one more day.
You're almost there.
But now you see a different cult.
Completely different.
Different robes and everything.
Let's hide our robes real quick.
Just in case it's rival, rival cult.
I mean, the punchline is you guys fucked up.
You thought running into cults is so special.
They grow on trees.
It's random cults.
These ones aren't wearing white robes.
They're wearing like black robes
that have bloody colored runes on them.
They sound like cool people.
I take my robe off
and I put it in my sack
and I go,
whoa, hey guys,
can I join
whatever you're doing
and that robe looks pretty
freaking cool.
What the fuck?
Um...
Okay, so you're really far off
again like the last time
when you're seeing this cult.
I pick him up and I carry him over.
Yeah.
And then I take off
my white robe
and I'm like, yeah, yeah.
It just got done kicking the shit out of these
white robe guys.
I think I'll wipe my ass
a little bit with this white robe
because I don't like it that much.
Shit.
Hey, you guys look cool, huh?
Yeah.
You don't have any white robes around here
because we don't like them at all.
These guys seem very busy.
There's about six of them.
You guys look busy, huh?
Yeah, and most of them are chanting
and kind of involved
in incantation that doesn't seem to involve you.
They do notice your approach
and one of them who isn't chanting
kind of points that at somewhere to stand
because you seem cool.
Yeah, I know.
You're welcome, you're welcome.
And then he hands you like a big black candle.
Well, do we get robes?
No, no.
Okay, so
do you want to take our spots there?
Yeah, I got a candle.
Okay, we walk over and take our spots
with these candles.
All right, well, they're chanting.
It's like a ritual.
We have agents on the floor
forming a sort of spell circle
or summoning ritual.
Did we detect magic real quick
before this gets out of hand?
I think you might have detect magic.
Okay, good. I'd like to do that.
I'm going to say you're about 80 feet off
unless you want to define your approach differently.
I'm going to sneak up after all that exuberance.
I'm just going to sneak behind
and see if this is as bad as it sounds.
All right, you rolled it with bonuses at 25.
So you're real stealthing right now.
So you're sneaking up.
I forgot the other.
What are you trying to do once you're snuck up?
I would like to detect...
I don't know all the things...
Oh, yeah, okay.
I want to find out if this is really shittier or cool.
Yeah, you detect some magic
and it seems like serious demon gate opening magic.
Okay.
The kind that makes demons come to Earth.
Yeah, I don't want to say
that I don't have any spells out loud,
but I think you already remembered that.
So at this point, I was looking...
Oh, precursor, I was looking back
at Carlos the Unimaginative saying...
Yeah, we were just bonding about
how we don't have any spells left.
So you don't either?
And so the guys that might have something
are just doing jumping jacks and hanging out with cultists.
I like your style.
Yeah.
By the way, culty town.
Culty world.
It seems like it.
Nope.
Look, hey.
Get over here.
We're holding candles.
What are you even trying to...
These guys are trying to open a gate to hell.
We need to rest
and we need to get on with our mission.
What are you doing? Do you even know what you're doing?
We're trying to find some leads.
We're getting some sick clothes, bro.
You don't even know what you're doing.
You're playing...
It's like Stardew Valley.
You just run into people
and you just fucking interact with them.
All right, fine, fine.
I go up to the guy who gave me the candle
and I give it back and I said,
I'm really sorry, man. It's like Stardew Valley here.
And it's not what I signed up for.
I hope I don't...
I didn't light it yet,
but it's the Stardew Valley
shit that's really
bumming us out.
So we're going to just take off.
Okay.
But good luck with whatever you're doing here.
It seems cool. It's just not our thing.
You see a blot of shadow
widen at the center of the circle in the ground
and forms a scar
or a rip in the earth
out of which a massive clawed hand
thrusts itself.
Like I said, we got to get out of here.
Cliffhanger!
That's it for the show.
Thanks for joining us.
All right.
Kailin Chase.
Thank you so much.
Somebody make sure...
I want you escorted.
Yeah, well, no.
Maybe...
Somebody get Kailin down
with a little tape.
Hey, can we put a link to the
John Schnep GoFundMe page
up on the hometown
tweet or whatever
because like there's
even the
tremendous amount of bills that
also what Lorraine is saying is that
John Schnep's wife who
like her mom recently
died stuff too. So I assume there's a GoFundMe
that like to help her out.
There's a GoFundMe that I'll link to.
It's already linked but I'll link it again.
Yeah, we'll link to it again right now.
That's a good reminder.
Can I help there?
The insurance is not covered.
Yeah, we miss you John.
Yeah.
Sorry.
I don't know how to cope with death.
He's a good guy and I'll miss him.
And we could go at any time.
And there's no shame in that.
It should actually be an invitation.
Wait for it.
It builds to an amazing ending.
We could die at any
time.
Do we usually do stuff?
I don't know what we do.
350 shows.
We've never ended a single one.
All right.
Thanks everybody.
Thank you all for coming out.
We'll see you next week.
Thank you very much for coming out tonight.
We want to thank Zach, Nolan, Chris,
Sarah, Kevin, Spencer.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.